---
layout: post
title:  "Term 2 Week 10"
date:   2023-03-26 00:00:00 +0000
categories: update
---

At the start of the week, we continued to improve our products. By the end of the week, we managed to finalise everything and call the project a success.

# Improved Mouse Mode

As requested by our project partner, Prof Dean Mohamedally, we added two more in-air action buttons for the mouse mode to allow users to fully control the mouse using the mouse mode. The two buttons we added allow users to hold the left click and the right click of the mouse. With the addition of the buttons, the users are now able to enjoy a larger range of activities, such as drawing with the FeetNav features in Microsoft Paint.

# Finalised Compilation

After walking through the functionalities of our product with our project partner, we finalised everything and compiled our codes. The compiled version of our product was sent to Team 29 for further publication.

# Completed Presentation 2

Tina filmed the video for presentation 2, which was published on YouTube by our project partner. It is a 4 mins video that showcases our project's features and functionality in a NON-TECHNICAL manner. This video focuses solely on storytelling and demonstrations of the work, without including any technical details, diagrams, flow charts or algorithms.

We understood the importance of creating a video that would describe the system's benefits through the eyes of its users, using easy-to-understand, non-technical language. As the video was ultimately published on YouTube by our project partner, helping to promote our project and generate interest from a wider audience.

# Completed Website

After delivering our final compilation, we summarised our work in the past two terms on the project website and also evaluated the whole project.
